DQC
===

*The stern-looking guard whispered a quiet warning as he led the travelers down the hall leading to the throne room. "Ye are about to enter the presence of our much-respected and beloved King Lorik XVI. Pay him your respect, and no shenanigans!" He shot a threatening glance to each of them in turn before opening the large wooden door and ushering them inside.*

*"Welcome! Welcome to our fine castle of Tantegel!" bellowed the King jovially. However, his demeanor became immediately more serious; this was no time for chit-chat. "Ye have come claiming to be heirs of the great Erdrick, have ye not?" The adventurers all gave affirmative responses, varying from an energetic salute and a "Yes, Sire!" to a simple nod of the head. The King continued, "Then listen now to my words.*

*"Long ago, a renowned warrior known to us as Erdrick fought against evil using an artifact called the Ball of Light. That Ball was kept here in this castle...but then came the Dragonlord, who stole the precious globe and took it with him into the darkness of the Devil's Isle. I hereby command ye, as descendants of Erdrick, to retake the Ball of Light and restore peace to this land of Alefgard. The Dragonlord must be defeated, by any means necessary." King Lorik's face took on a steely look of defiance as he spoke those words--defiance of his mortal enemy, and defiance of the pain and suffering which he had caused. Nay, more than that--defiance of the fates themselves, who seemed to have set an indomitable foe upon him. With Erdrick's aid.... "I shall give each of ye gold pieces numbering six score with which to buy supplies for your journey. Use it wisely, and may the light shine upon ye."*

*As the warriors filed out of the throne room, Lorik leaned toward his chancellor, whispering, "Surely we will succeed! I had only expected one person to answer the call--this is wonderful!" A festive smile flashed over his face as he ribbed the chancellor, "I suppose 'tis true what they say: There's one born every minute!"*

*The stern guard who had first escorted the travelers stopped them after sealing the door to the chamber. "Ye did well for ones who look so vulgar. I am impressed! However, our great King did not tell ye of his secret sorrow.... It has been half a year since the King's own daughter, the beautiful Princess Gwaelin, was kidnapped from this very castle. He never speaks of it--for the sake of his people, he will not show any sign of weakness. However, it breaks his heart that she is not by his side. Please, if she still lives, find her and return her home!"*
